this is the Fortran03 implementation of the Laplace-Transform Analytic
Element Method (LT-AEM) for inputs consisting of combinations of
circles, points, ellipses, and line segments.

Different versions of this code have been described in the following papers:

1) Bakker, M. and K.L. Kuhlman, 2011. "Computational issues and
applications of line-elements to model subsurface flow governed by the
modified Helmholtz equation", Advances in Water Resources.

http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.advwatres.2011.02.008

2) Kuhlman, K.L. and S.P. Neuman, 2009. "Laplace-transform
analytic-element method for transient porous-media flow", Journal of
Engineering Mathematics, 64(2), 113â€“130. 

http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10665-008-9251-1

3) Kuhlman, K.L., 2008. "Laplace transform analytic element method for
transient groundwater flow simulation", PhD Dissertation, University
of Arizona.

http://sabio.arizona.edu/record=b5975534~S9

4) Kuhlman, K.L., and S.P. Neuman, 2006. "Recent Advances in LT-AEM
Theory and Application to Transient Groundwater Flow", Copenhagen,
Denmark, Conference on Computational Methods in Water Resources XVI

http://proceedings.cmwr-xvi.org/getFile.py/access?contribId=118&sessionId=10&resId=0&materialId=paper&confId=a051


Dependencies and Compilation Instructions
============================================================
The code has been developed in Linux using freely available Fortran
compilers.  The code uses LAPACK for matrix operations, which can be
downloaded freely from NETLIB at: http://www.netlib.org/lapack/

LT-AEM and LAPACK itself depend on (and the LAPACK source provides)
BLAS for lower-level matrix operations.  Static libraries for blas and
lapack should be linked or copied to the source directory as blas.a
and lapack.a, or the Makefile needs to be changed to point to them.

A recent version of gfortran is required (>= 4.6.1), due to a bug in
previous releases of this compiler regarding extended fortran types.
A small fix can be made to the code to allow older versions of
gfortran (>= 4.4) to work with the code (contact me if this is
necessary for your use case).

With the two libraries in place, compilation should work with just the
simple "make" command from the source directory.  This copies the
compiled executable into the "run" sub directory, where there are many
input files (unfortunately of various vintages -- some might not work
with the latest version of the code).


Code Author Contact Info
============================================================
If you need assistance or have questions, do not hesitate to contact
me (klkuhlm at sandia dot gov) regarding the code.  I may be able to
provide you with an executable for your platform, if you have issues
compiling it.  If you run into a bug or missing feature, I might be
able to accommodate you, but this depends on the amount of work
required to fix/implement the feature of concern.

July, 2011




